I want to welcome you to the College of Business
and the University of Nebraska.
MUSIC
The next set of ethical leaders for Nebraska and
the world... and that's who I'm looking at today.
You're gonna get a taste of all the things that that
means: ethical, leadership, functions of business.
All of that's gonna be introduced to you in this class.
Okay, you guys have a good day and good week
and a good semester and come see me.
I'm upstairs Wednesday afternoons 5-6,
you can drop in anytime.
We're gonna do a couple of things today,
we're gonna do something special that we
haven't done before.
Alright, so what we're doing out here, we're gonna
take the opportunity today to get to know one another.
MUSIC
I'm Taylor, and when I go to a wedding I just get
all shouldery, that's all I got, just shoulders.
MUSIC
I'm Pauline, I'm from Omaha, Nebraska and I like
to do like this dance move.
MUSIC
Oh yea!
Today we are going to be talking about etiquette.
And I know you are all just leaning forward in the
front of your seats saying "yes, I've been waiting for
this all semester!"
Just to start, when will you need etiquette?
CRICKETS CHIRP
Every single day you'll be needing to know how to
handle situations.
MUSIC
I have a very special guest here that I want to introduce
to you, he used to be called coach, he's been known
as congressman, and I want to introduce
Dr. Tom Osborn.
APPLAUSE
A world view really has to do with how you see and
interpret the world... what is your purpose in life...
what makes things tick.
I really loved his parallels with athletics to academics.
I loved hearing about all his stories, really inspirational.
MUSIC
Today we're gonna have a guest lecturer, Aaron Davis,
he's a motivational speaker for BSAD 101,
business leadership development.
How are you? Going good, how you doing?
I want you to find two people you don't know,
two people you don't know, whoa, whoa, whoa...
she's like "oh my gosh, OMG, I cannot wait."
You must want to meet my man back there...
two people you don't know, I want you to ask them
one question: What's your name, where you from.
Actually that's two questions: what's your name,
where you from?
I'm from China
I'm from Iowa
Bloomfield, Nebraska
I came from Millard South in central Omaha
We're from Omaha, Nebraska.
It helps them meet each other as one group as a class,
and they also learn about the various and ten academic
disciplines that we have here in the College of Business
so they all have an opportunity to see what's available
for them.
Get to know as many people as you possibly can,
I can not stress that enough.
I feel like I fit in more than I did in my high school.
MUSIC
I'm gonna share some handshakes with you.
And then you get to go meet somebody in the circle.
I'm Tyler... I'm Fritz... Nice to meet you...
Trying to lay the foundation for these guys to know
a lot of people by the end of their collegiate career.
Because that's one of the big things in CBA, right, yeah.
I'm from out of state, so it's kind of hard for me to
get to know people.
It was a really great way for me to experience
new cultures.
Hi I'm Clark, I'm from Arizona.
Are you from Germany, that's so cool.
It's a new way to meet new people.
I think it's gonna be a good year.
I'm really excited to be on this campus and I've just
had a good experience so far being here.
Get to meet people; we're all doing something that's
new to us; we're all in this new environment;
I thought it was fantastic.
Look at that connection...
MUSIC